OKR: Split up large article into smaller articles (#21626)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/serialization/preserve-references.md

> ---

Reviewer: File name -- for consistency with the others, should be prefixed by system-text-json-, i.e., system-text-json-preserve-references.md

> title: How to handle circular references with System.Text.Json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: How to preserve references with System.Text.Json
```
